Pavithran S should now be able to log in to their computer and access key tools from the Hub using the following credentials, which you should share with your new hire.

Employee Name: Pavithran S
Pearson ID / email: pavithran.s@pearson.com
Temporary Password: SXmb$$93/Vigneshwar1!
Mailbox Type: Office 365 - Check out your Microsoft tools on the Hub.
Network ID: VS999PA1
HR Number (Fusion): 3444364
Start Date: December 19, 2024


1. Signing in for the first time
Your new hire should sign into the Hub with the email and temporary password listed above. If they do not have a Pearson email address, i.e. Firstname.lastname@pearson.com, please use the alternate format, NetworkID@peroot.com.
They should set up their Microsoft Authenticator account on their smart device by following the prompts; if the employee does not have a smart device there is an option to order a Security Key.
2. Complete mandatory training
Please ensure your new hire completes any mandatory training assigned to them in Pearson U and in any regional training systems. It's a good idea to do this in a timely manner to ensure they understand and adhere to all of Pearson's policies.
3. Visit the Hub to learn about IT essentials
Ensure your new hire visits the Digital and Technology page on the Hub to learn about IT essentials, collaborating in Office 365, ordering additional equipment and getting IT Support.
Please note that access to Pearson Office 365 Email and Content services are blocked from iOS and Android devices until they are enrolled into the InTune device management platform. For more information, please see the New Starter - Mobile Information page.
Need help?
•	If you need further help or support, please visit myHelp which is available in My Apps in the Hub. Click on Ask for Technology Help and then either start a live chat by clicking Chat with technology, or fill in the options on screen to raise a support ticket. If you are unable to do this, please contact your local service desk or use the Service Desk Support help document.

